oh wow yeah nice and easy just head on
out whenever you're ready are you ready
to go ahead and yeah dry okay sure all
right Oh little more than I'm used to
it's got some power so just get a feel
for it
okay all right but these are just look
so I'm thinking a lot more age on me
wrinkles little dorky give me some
facial hair into somebody that I can
pull off frankly let's go have some fun
my good friends at Pepsi Max have hooked
us up with this cool cam cam so these
are the glasses cam to show you
everything that I see how you doing
hello I'm Mike stayed nice to meet you
Mike I saw your sort of gravitated
towards the Camaro you thinking about
getting one uh oh no no no this this way
too much car for me I'm well it's a lot
of power but they've designed it to be
very say I don't know if I can handle it
i've never driven anything like this
before and i tell you what i think a way
to really make you feel comfortable with
me to put you behind the wheel you're
good what are you driving now oh just a
mini day oh yeah yeah what am I not on
earth is just a checkout sheet for a
test drive you're not obligated to
anything it's just so we knew who's
Alice could give it a drive we're
getting a little nervous no I'll be
right there beside you there are your
keys sir thank you Steve but you'll have
to unlock it Mike oh thank you there we
go
oh yeah what a car well we better buckle
up yeah good call power power door locks
standard of course
you are liable for any damages to the
vehicle so please stop the car slow at
least slow down well then flown out you
can't go through that gate Mike
watch it watch out
you're going to wreck this card you're
liable for it if you record Mike the car
right now
oh my god
like his back just take us back
oh you're adding it I'm gonna kill you
Oh
oh haha little pony you think you are
what do we call the cops no no your
honor says not what you think oh joy no
it's just a prank we're just having fun
look this is a camera here's a camera
there's cameras look it was all just fun
look I'm Jeff Gordon sorry man good yeah
yeah